README.md, before:

# Wallet Tutorial
In this tutorial, you'll learn to develop a wallet for the [Solana](https://solana.com/) protocol. We will provide a simple [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) application that you will complete by leveraging Solana's [JavaScript SDK](https://solana-labs.github.io/solana-web3.js/index.html). In the process, you'll dive into key concepts relevant to Web 3 and start to cultivate an understanding for what it takes to build decentralized applications (dApps).

![](./public/wallet-tutorial-screenshot.png)

## 🤔 What is the `wallet-dapp`?

Crypto wallets are one of the foundations of Web 3. They are the gateway application into crypto ecosystems by enabling users to interact with blockchain protocols and manage digital assets.

Under the hood, wallets leverage cryptographic technologies to generate and recover private keys - a concept that we'll define in the course of this tutorial. Those private keys give users access to public accounts that record ownership on a blockchain and expand the internet's functionality from a global network for information exchange to a global network for disintermediated economic exchange.

## 🧑‍💻 Getting started
There are no formal blockchain or Web 3 prerequisites for this tutorial, but you should have some experience with [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) and [React](https://reactjs.org/). Having said that, you can certainly complete the tutorial if you at least know basic [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript). You might just find it more difficult to follow the app's pre-built functionality. 

Make sure you have [git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git), [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install) installed. Then clone the repo and run the `yarn` command to install the app dependencies:

```
git clone https://github.com/figment-networks/wallet-tutorial.git
cd wallet-tutorial
yarn
```

If you encounter any errors during this process, please join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/fszyM7K) for help.

## 💻 Running the development server
Start the Next.js development server on the default port 3000 with:

```
yarn dev
```

> Alternatively, run `yarn dev -p 8080` or any port other than `8080` to start the server in a different port.

Once the server is running, you should see output that looks like this:

```
yarn run v1.22.11
$ next dev
ready - started server on 0.0.0.0:3000, url: http://localhost:3000
info  - Using webpack 5. Reason: Enabled by default https://nextjs.org/docs/messages/webpack5
event - compiled successfully
```

You can now view the running application at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

## 🔩 Designed by Figment Learn
Our goal at [Figment Learn](https://learn.figment.io/) is to build the best resources for developers learning about and building in Web 3. We really hope you enjoy the tutorial and thanks for checking it out. **WAGMI!**

Learn more about [Figment](https://figment.io/) and [Figment Learn](https://learn.figment.io/).

[Join us on Discord](https://discord.com/invite/fszyM7K) if you have any feedback or questions!

-- The Figment Learn Team

Commit message:

functionality added for send/add/restore/receive

README.md, after:

# Solana wallet
In this project, I developed a wallet for the Solana chain, creating a decentralised application. 
![](./public/wallet-tutorial-screenshot.png)

## Technologies used

**Type of wallet**: Hierarchical Deterministic (HD) wallet

HD wallets enable a series of key pairs to be created from one random seed, providing convenience and manageability as well as high-level security.

**Mnemonic** phrases to generate key/value pairs

## What is a crypto wallet?

Crypto wallets are one of the foundations of Web 3. They are the gateway application into crypto ecosystems by enabling users to interact with blockchain protocols and manage digital assets.

Under the hood, wallets leverage cryptographic technologies to generate and recover private keys.


## 💻 Running the development server
Start the Next.js development server on the default port 3000 with:

```
yarn dev
```

> Alternatively, run `yarn dev -p 8080` or any port other than `8080` to start the server in a different port.

Once the server is running, you should see output that looks like this:

```
yarn run v1.22.11
$ next dev
ready - started server on 0.0.0.0:3000, url: http://localhost:3000
info  - Using webpack 5. Reason: Enabled by default https://nextjs.org/docs/messages/webpack5
event - compiled successfully
```

You can now view the running application at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)
